Add eks deployment to terraform (#577)
elastic/cloudbeat: deploy/cloud/README.md

# Cloud Deployment

> **Motivation**

Reviewer: Just so it'll show a new line
```suggestion
**Motivation**  
```

Provide an easy and deterministic way to set up latest cloud environment, so it can be monitored and used properly.

This guide deploys both an Elastic cloud environment, and an AWS EKS cluster. To only deploy specific resources, check out the examples section.

**Prerequisite**
* [Terraform](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/downloads)
* the AWS CLI, [installed](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html) and [configured](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-configure.html)
* [AWS IAM Authenticator](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/install-aws-iam-authenticator.html)

> * the [Kubernetes CLI](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/), also known as `kubectl`

Reviewer: can be removed and changed to activate hermit env instead

Author: I think having both hermit and the explicit documentation is nicer

Reviewer: can lead to confusion if hermit env is not installed and instead we will install those dependencies manually (different versions than the pinned ones) this already happened with our main README, so we replaced it with how to activate hermit.

Author: done in https://github.com/elastic/cloudbeat/pull/582

**How To**
Create environment
1. Create an [API token](https://cloud.elastic.co/deployment-features/keys) from your cloud console account.

    1.1 use the token `export EC_API_KEY={TOKEN}`

2. run `cd deploy/cloud`
3. run `terraform init`

> 4. run `terraform apply --auto-approve` to create the environment from the latest version (the latest version is varying in cloud/regions combinations).

Reviewer: nit: combine steps makes it easier to copy
```suggestion
2. to create the environment from the latest version (the latest version is varying in cloud/regions combinations).
   ```bash
   cd deploy/cloud
   terraform init
   terraform apply --auto-approve
   ```
```

> 5. Run the following command to retrieve the access credentials for your EKS cluster and configure kubectl.
> ```bash
> aws eks --region $(terraform output -raw eks_region) update-kubeconfig \
>     --name $(terraform output -raw eks_cluster_name)
> ```

Reviewer: nit: inditation and numbering if accepting the previous suggestion
```suggestion
3. Run the following command to retrieve the access credentials for your EKS cluster and configure kubectl.
   ```bash
   aws eks --region $(terraform output -raw eks_region) update-kubeconfig \
       --name $(terraform output -raw eks_cluster_name)
   ```
```

> 
> To connect to the environment use the console ui or see the details how to connect to the environment, use `terraform output -json`
> 

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion

To connect to the environment use the console UI or see the details how to connect to the environment, using:
```bash
terraform output -json
```

```

> Delete environment
> 1. `terraform destroy --auto-approve`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Delete environment:**
```bash
terraform destroy --auto-approve
```
```

Provide an easy and deterministic way to setup latest cloud environment so it can be monitored and used properly.

**Prerequisite**
* [Terraform](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/downloads)
* the AWS CLI, [installed](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html) and [configured](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-configure.html)
* [AWS IAM Authenticator](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/install-aws-iam-authenticator.html)
* the [Kubernetes CLI](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/), also known as `kubectl`

> 

Reviewer: we can add these prerequisites to our hermit tool, and it will also pin the version so we won't have issues with different versions

**How To**
Create environment
1. Create an [API token](https://cloud.elastic.co/deployment-features/keys) from your cloud console account.

    1.1 use the token `export EC_API_KEY={TOKEN}`

2. run `cd deploy/cloud`
3. run `terraform init`
4. run `terraform apply --auto-approve` to create the environment from the latest version (the latest version is vary in cloud/regions combinations).
5. Run the following command to retrieve the access credentials for your EKS cluster and configure kubectl.
```bash
aws eks --region $(terraform output -raw eks_region) update-kubeconfig \
    --name $(terraform output -raw eks_cluster_name)
```
To connect to the environment use the console ui or see the details how to connect to the environment.

Delete environment
1. `terraform destroy --auto-approve`

**Next Steps**
* [Setup](https://github.com/elastic/security-team/blob/main/docs/cloud-security-posture-team/onboarding/deploy-agent-cloudbeat-on-eks.mdx) EKS cluster

> * Setup Vanilla cluster

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
* Setup Self-Managed cluster
```
